thus the Lord
thus the Lord showed me behold a basket of sum of
showed me behold a basket of sum of
showed me behold a basket of sum of fruits and he said Amos what do you see
fruits and he said Amos what do you see
fruits and he said Amos what do you see a basket of summer fruit the end has
a basket of summer fruit the end has
a basket of summer fruit the end has come upon my people Israel
come upon my people Israel
come upon my people Israel I will not pass by them any more and the
I will not pass by them any more and the
I will not pass by them any more and the songs of the temple shall be wailing in
songs of the temple shall be wailing in
songs of the temple shall be wailing in that day many dead bodies everywhere
that day many dead bodies everywhere
that day many dead bodies everywhere they shall be thrown out in silence hear
they shall be thrown out in silence hear
they shall be thrown out in silence hear this you who swallow up the needy and
this you who swallow up the needy and
this you who swallow up the needy and make the poor of the land fail saying
make the poor of the land fail saying
make the poor of the land fail saying when will the new moon be passed that we
when will the new moon be passed that we
when will the new moon be passed that we may sell grain and the Sabbath that we
may sell grain and the Sabbath that we
may sell grain and the Sabbath that we may trade wheat making the ephah small
may trade wheat making the ephah small
may trade wheat making the ephah small and the shekel large falsifying the
and the shekel large falsifying the
and the shekel large falsifying the scales by deceit that we may buy the
scales by deceit that we may buy the
scales by deceit that we may buy the poor for silver and the needy for a pair
poor for silver and the needy for a pair
poor for silver and the needy for a pair of sandals even sell the bad wheat the
of sandals even sell the bad wheat the
of sandals even sell the bad wheat the Lord has sworn by the pride of Jacob
Lord has sworn by the pride of Jacob
Lord has sworn by the pride of Jacob surely I will never forget any of their
surely I will never forget any of their
surely I will never forget any of their works shall the lands not tremble for
works shall the lands not tremble for
works shall the lands not tremble for this and every one morn who dwells in it
this and every one morn who dwells in it
this and every one morn who dwells in it all of it shall swell like the river
all of it shall swell like the river
all of it shall swell like the river heave and subside like the river of
heave and subside like the river of
heave and subside like the river of Egypt
Egypt
Egypt and it shall come to pass in that day
and it shall come to pass in that day
and it shall come to pass in that day says the Lord God that I will make the
says the Lord God that I will make the
says the Lord God that I will make the Sun go down at noon and I will darken
Sun go down at noon and I will darken
Sun go down at noon and I will darken the earth in broad daylight I will turn
the earth in broad daylight I will turn
the earth in broad daylight I will turn your feasts into mourning and all your
your feasts into mourning and all your
your feasts into mourning and all your songs into lamentation
songs into lamentation
songs into lamentation I will bring sackcloth on every waste
I will bring sackcloth on every waste
I will bring sackcloth on every waste and baldness on every end I will make it
and baldness on every end I will make it
and baldness on every end I will make it like morning for an only Son and it's
like morning for an only Son and it's
like morning for an only Son and it's end like a bitter day behold the days
end like a bitter day behold the days
end like a bitter day behold the days are coming says the Lord God that I will
are coming says the Lord God that I will
are coming says the Lord God that I will send a famine on the land not a famine
send a famine on the land not a famine
send a famine on the land not a famine of bread nor a thirst for water but of
of bread nor a thirst for water but of
of bread nor a thirst for water but of hearing the words of the Lord they shall
hearing the words of the Lord they shall
hearing the words of the Lord they shall wander from sea to sea and from north to
wander from sea to sea and from north to
wander from sea to sea and from north to east they shall run to and fro seeking
east they shall run to and fro seeking
east they shall run to and fro seeking the word of the Lord but shall not find
the word of the Lord but shall not find
the word of the Lord but shall not find it in that day the fair virgins and
it in that day the fair virgins and
it in that day the fair virgins and strong young men shall faint from thirst
strong young men shall faint from thirst
strong young men shall faint from thirst those who swear by the sin of Samaria
those who swear by the sin of Samaria
those who swear by the sin of Samaria who say as your God lives Oh Dan and as
who say as your God lives Oh Dan and as
who say as your God lives Oh Dan and as the way of Beersheba
the way of Beersheba
the way of Beersheba lives they shall fall and never rise
lives they shall fall and never rise
lives they shall fall and never rise again